The Joe Rogan experience.
And this is the same guy that just passed this law in New York city,
where you have to have a vaccine passport to go everywhere.
You have to have a vaccine to go to a restaurant, to a gym,
to any place where people gather it is crazy. And meanwhile,
the vast per se,
the biggest percentage of people that don't have vaccines or haven't been
vaccinated are people of color. So this guy,
people of color and immigrants,
this is what he's always supposed to be pro you know,
pro people of color, pro diversity, pro immigration.
Those are the people that don't have vaccines.
And now you're precluding them from going to gyms and restaurants.
And what about the people working in the restaurants?
What about all these it's madness?
And then you have a bunch of people that are supporting it.
Like, yay. Finally, meanwhile, you have science has coming out.
There's legitimate articles. Jamie, I'll send this to you.
Now there's legitimate because doctors have been sending me these things
and you know, this is neither pro nor con vaccine. I'm not,
this is not a judgment statement,
but imperfect vaccination can enhance the transmission of
highly virulent pathogens, right? So this is a scientific paper, um,
from 2015,
that shows that
if here's it's, there's, there's one important quote,
vaccines that keep the host alive,
but still allow transmission can thus allow virulent strains
to circulate in a population.
So vaccines that don't kill the virus
vaccines that allow people like this is one of the things we're finding out
about what they're calling breakthrough cases, right?
So people who are vaccinated can still get COVID and they can still transmit
COVID is recently happened at the comedy store.
A vaccinated comedian gave COVID to like 12 different people to
comedy store. Some of them vaccinated, some of them,
not that situation where the vaccine just kind of
protects you from serious damage,
but D protects you from really being like badly, uh,
hospitalized or death.
But doesn't stop you from getting the virus can possibly lead to
more potent viruses.
So these people that are saying, oh,
it's these unvaccinated people that are responsible for the variants. Well,
there's actually scientific papers.
That point to the very sort of environment that we're
creating by having so many people vaccinated with a vaccine that
doesn't kill off the virus,
it actually can lead to more potent viruses.
Try finding that story anywhere. Other than doctors I'm,
I'm getting a PhD sending me these things guys,
who won't speak about it publicly,
because they're worried about the blowback people who are physicians,
people who are even, even epidemiologists,
even people that deal with diseases and viruses they're concerned.
And they don't want to talk about it publicly because people call them
anti-vaccine, it's really why.
Oh, it's wild because they've somehow managed.
And when I say they meaning the political elite,
and then I think their established media representatives have somehow managed
to turn this into a political issue. Right. And
that's dangerous.
It's dangerous for any politician to play in that game where they're using
something as meaningful and possibly dangerous for the country
as political posturing or for two signaling. Right.
And you see it all the time because you see these guys are wearing their masks
for the camera, but then they take them off.
So doing that yesterday, you see the video,
she was no mask on hanging out with everybody.
And then they go to take a picture.
She puts the mask on and then takes it off after the pictures done, or.
They can have parties, you know, what is it, uh, you know about Obama? Yeah.
Obama's having that 700 guest party or whatever.
Yeah. Because of, because of the pandemic, make it a little lighter, but.
You can't go to a gym in New York, right.
Unless you have a vaccination card or you can't go out to eat, uh,
we're going to shut down small businesses. You can't go to a comedy club. Uh,
and I think it's it's rules for the,
and not for me scenario and people read right through that because
some people I think.
Plotting it, which is terrifying. I know smart people that are applauding it.
It's, it's so strange. And th the problem with applauding vaccine passports,
this is, this is part of the problem. They are not going to give that power up.
No, they're not going to,
they're going to find a reason to continue to use that.
If they can figure out a way to force you into carrying papers,
into carrying something that lets you enter businesses or lets you do this,
or lets businesses open.
As soon as you give politicians power in any kind of power that didn't
exist previously, historically they don't relinquish that power.
They find new reasons to use it.
Y I think that's the history of lawmaking and political power in the
United States.
And I think that's why I tend to be bucketed in
conservatives because it means smaller government to me, right? There's,
there's multiple reasons why people classify themselves as that. Uh,
but I look at things and I look at the preservation of individual Liberty.
You know, how do I preserve more of my freedom?
Because I feel like I'm in a responsible adult.
And I feel like I'm going to raise responsible adults.
And I feel like I spend most of my time around responsible adults. Uh,
I don't, it's such a disconnect in, uh,
individual philosophy. When I find people that,
that are actively looking for ways that they can forfeit their
individual Liberty and handed over to somebody where they feel like they have a
better interest in running their life than they do. Right. And I,
I understand the balance between, uh, you know, we,
we have to have certain laws and regulations that protect people against,
you know, overt dangers.
But I also understand your statement where I think politicians and I would say
lawmakers and, uh,
government bureaucrats have a really hard time
relinquishing control once they have it, because of.
Yeah. It makes her job easier. They can just tell you to shut the up,
do what I say. And you have to, you know,
you can't work anymore unless you do what I say.
That's essentially what the vaccine passport is. Right?
You can't do what you want to do unless you do what I want you to do.
I mean, Don lemon was talking about that openly on CNN. Yeah.
Don't have a vaccine. Can I go to the supermarket? Don't have a vaccine.
Can't go to work.
It's so strange that people want to say things like that. Like,
that's the thing that blows me away. Why do you, why do people want to?
Because of.
Dumb, they're dumb. They don't understand history.
They don't understand human beings. They don't understand human nature.
They don't understand the history of every single country that's ever
existed. Other than the United States up until 1776,
every country that has ever existed was run by
dictators. Right? All of them.
This is the first one where you had elected officials.
This is the first experiment in self-government that actually worked.
And he created the greatest superpower. The world's ever known.
It created the greatest cultural machine,
the greatest machine of art and creativity and innovation,
right here. And how did it do that?
It did it through freedom because when you give people freedom,
you let people do whatever the they want to do.
They actually find ways to succeed and grow and thrive.
But as soon as you put the boots to them, as soon as you tell them,
you have to do this, or you can't do that. You have to listen to me.
Now you have a mini dictator. You have one step away from a king.
You have a one step closer, you moving one step closer to dictatorship.
That's what the is happening.
That's what's going to happen with a vaccine passport.
That's what's gonna happen. If they close borders,
you can't enter New York city. Unless you have your papers.
You can't go to here. Unless you have that,
you can't get on a plane unless you do what I say. And people say, whoa,
it's all about protecting people from the, no, it's not.
It's not because we've shown. This is a fact. It just a couple of months ago,
the idea of a breakthrough case was unheard of nobody heard of anybody
catching COVID that had a vaccine, right? That was the whole idea.
You get a vaccine, you have to worry about it. Now we know,
not only do you get it, but you can spread it. And some people have died.
Apparently it's a small number. I don't know what the numbers are,
but I know that most people who get vaccinated when they do have the disease,
they have a better time of it than the people who are unvaccinated.
But where are the people out there calling for people to get healthy?
Where are the people out there calling for people to lose weight?
78% of the people in the ICU for COVID are obese 78%.
Where's that information being shared where someone who's a leader who gets on
TV and says, ladies and gentlemen, we've got to decrease our body mass.
We've got to decrease our fat.
We've got to make sure that people aren't overweight.
We've got to make sure that people are healthy. Walk around your block.
You don't have to do something complicated. Start drinking, more water,
stop eating, sugar, start taking vitamins.
You can increase the strength of your immune system.
We can fight things off better. We can be a healthier civilization,
better for everybody, right? You don't hear a peep.
All you hear is take this vaccine that doesn't even prevent you from getting the
disease or you can't go to the sauna,
wherever the you want to go, you can't go to the Broadway show. It's madness.
It's madness.
And it really is mad it's because if it was a vaccine, that really was like a,
like, here's a V like it's more of a treatment than it is a vaccine. Really?
If you look at it,
because you're saying you need a booster now every six months, look,
if you get vaccinated for polio, you get vaccinated for the measles.
You don't have to worry about it anymore. You're good.
This is not that this is a totally different kind of thing.
And it's a completely new kind of vaccine.
The idea that people shouldn't be skeptical or nervous about that is kind of
hilarious.
Well, it's kind of hilarious that people won't try on
skepticism in general. Like they need to be more skeptical.
They need to push people in authority and power and hold them
accountable for their words and their actions.
And there's this reluctancy, I think, across the board to question power,
either on both sides, right? So it's like the blue likes to question,
read red likes to question,
but now you'll follow lock-step in party line.
If one is saying something or the other, that's a problem too,
to your point. I was reading,
I was reading the history of the Nez Perce Indian tribe.
And I've read a few books on this. And just recently I'm from Northern Idaho,
where, where the Nez Perce, Indian tribe, ferocious people,
amazing like amazing warriors. Chief Joseph was an incredible leader, uh,
incredible history, but it struck me.
There there's a there's one chapter in the books that I was reading about how
the us cavalry,
they were putting the native Americans on reservations for their protection.
And I'm not trying to equate this in direct correlation,
but this was part of the narrative because they were saying,
we want to put you guys on reservations to protect you from the Sadler's
and from a retaliation. So we want to put you guys on this,
you know, 400 square reservation,
400 miles square reservation for your protection. And they're like, dude,
we want to be free. I don't know what you're talking about.
And they go in and they trace the over thousand miles.
The chief Joseph led his, his, uh,
his tribe through Idaho and Montana, and then up close to the, uh,
the Canadian border. But I couldn't help.
But think about there's one sliver of history in the
late 18 hundreds, which in 1873, I believe it was,
which was also connected to the, the son of, uh,
Meriwether Lewis was also part of the Nez Perce Indian tribe,
because he had a son there. But I thought about how
us not us as a country,
how we need to be pushed to ask more questions and we deserve more answers.
And we have to hold skepticism.
I think in a very high regard and we can't beat it down.
I think anytime that you question authority, it's a good thing,
especially as a society, because it also says that you have a healthy society.
If you have this complex narrative, you know, moving up from underneath,
I think the groundswell of information from people,
you can have these complex discussions,
but you also have to have very good answers to what's going on.
I think you've got conflicting information.
That's being politicized and it's being gas lit by both sides of the media,
which I don't blame people for being off and confused because
man, I'm confused. Yeah. Like this is confusing as. The CDC releases something.
The president will say something else,
some random governor somewhere that I've never heard of will say something else.
And you're like, what the hell is going on? What is going on? Yeah.
That's why I listened to a crystal and saga because they typically.
Well, they typically know what's going on. And they're,
they're a great example because that show breaking points, you got saga,
who's on the right and crystal who's on the left, but they're good friends.
They get along well. And they're both super honest and objective,
rational and intelligent.
And they can discuss all the finer points of these issues,
honestly, openly. And it's, that's why they're thriving.
It's why CNN, like some of their shows there,
some of their shows or they get a hundred thousand views in the key demographic,
less than a hundred thousand, even that's crazy.
Since Trump is out of office and they don't have a boogeyman,
their bogeyman is unvaccinated people. That's what they're doing.
They're bogeyman is different, different things that they can attack.
Watch the entire episode for free only on Spotify.